i get this idea in my head once in a while, and that idea is that i know what i
want. and what i think i know what i want is that once in a  while, someone
that i think isn't me acknowledges the fact that i exist in any sense thaat is
outside of my head. then, in a large leap of ego and hubris, i think that this
is really what any person wants, and that the way to get what i want is to give
it to other people and then see if that's what they wanted, and then see if
that's what i get and what makes me happy.

no. yes. no. no, i don't know if this makes any sense. i don't know if this
makes all sense. sometimes, i think about the inside of my head too much, and a
new erson emerges. a new pattern of thoughts emerge, which might as wel be a
new person.

i'm okay, i'm always okay, because i've learned what okay means and how to find
it.

i just want to tell all of you, you're here, and that matters, and i'm so glad
and thankful that i know these things. i'm just some crazy fucker with ideas
about how humans can and ought to interact, and these ideas aren't perfect, and
i'm happy that you're here are working on them.

--

here's a big thing about why tilde.town is nice for me: using a gui is often
hard for me, in ways i cannot explain. and, sometimes, i spend a lot of time
trapping myself in a web of text and terminals and screens and directories and
scrips, in an attempt to sort this all out. ttbp is just an externalization of
my own systems, and it's fucking magical to me that people  who aren't me are
using it at all, and finding some way to carve meaning into it and doing things
i wouldn't have done myself. it's an acknowledgement of humanity, and the
notion that humans can share a tool without much guidance. it's empowering for
me, and maybe empowering for you, to be a part of this.

i don't want to get too weird about it, but i'm already feeling weird.
